cheat-configuration/introduction/paid-configurations.md, before:

# Paid Configs

You may see lot's of famous youtubers are dominating in every hvh match, while you only barely killing a player. Then theese youtubers told you to join their membership to get access to their configs. You instantly join their membership, download their config, try it out... Aaand nothing changed. You're still gettting killed by other players, with yourself still wondering "How am I still doing badly, even though I am using their config"

## Configs don't represent the whole picture
A good config can help you to get more kills, but the most important thing is your playstyle. You need both to to dominate a match. Also, there is the sad truth that you may not be using the same config as the youtubers are using themselves, which means they might be selling a fake config. Even if they are selling the same config as they show in their videos, you still have the chance that it might not suit your playstyle, because its made for their own playstyle and not yours.

## Leaked Configs
It's inevitable that youtubers configs get leaked and if you know where to look you can find almost any youtubers config you want. A good place to start is by looking at leaking websites and the cheat forums themselves, there are a ton of good congifs for free on the forums. Some may be over hyped in the title, like they always are, but doesnt hurt to try them.

Anyways onto the leaking forums, here are some:
Teeesense.xyz,
Streetwits.xyz,
Void.to,
hentaiware.moe,
sleek.rip,
horrid.pw,
clowned.cc,
failure.website,
spamtec.cc,

Some of the aformentioned websites are invite only sadly, but in the end almost all the websites have the same leaked configs.

Commit message:

Grammar Nazi'd and rewrote sections
Removed the last section on leaking forums, as it should be a standalone section with a link provided to it.

cheat-configuration/introduction/paid-configurations.md, after:

# Paid Configs

You may see lots of popular youtubers dominating in every hvh match, while you struggle to kill even a single player. Then these youtubers told you to join their membership to get access to their configs. You may join their membership, download their config, then try it out. Then, bullets hit you simultaneous to the realization that it made no difference.

## Configs aren't everything 
A good config can help you to get more kills, but the most important thing is your playstyle. You need both to to dominate a match. The reality: you may not even be using the same config as the youtubers are using themselves, which means they might be selling a fake config. Even if that is not true, there is no guarantee that their config will match your playstyle which is essential for your success. 

## Leaked Configs
It's inevitable that youtubers configs get leaked and if you know where to look you can find almost any youtubers config you want. See our section on leaking websites for where you might be able to find these.
